---
layout: post
title: 'Week Six'
---

**What did you do this past week?**
This past week wasn’t too busy for me aside for meetings and a project to work on. Unfortunately, I was sick all of last week and half of the week before that and it was just getting worst but thankfully I’m better now. So I didn’t do much last week because of a fever I had and fatigue. I did manage to finish a Homework due on Wednesday and work on the project for my other CS class. I’m just glad I’m not sick anymore so I can have enough energy to study for the OOP exam.

**What's in your way?**
This past week sickness was in my way. Can’t really get a break in school even if you’re sick so that was definitely a bit overwhelming.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week I’m going to study night and day for the OOP exam, I really want to do good on it. I will also work on the sheet we’re allowed to bring to our exam. I don’t have other homework/projects due this week except for one but it’s not too bad so most of my time will be spent for OOP. I will also go home as soon as the exam is done and take a much needed break with family for the weekend. 

**Tip of the week:**
Here’s an interesting topic discussion audio on computer generated imagery (CGI). This audio talks about the issues of recreating things to be as realistic as can be and even wanting something even better than that (i.e. recreating the twisting of hair) this is something that is very difficult to recreate. Click [here](https://cns.utexas.edu/news/why-is-cgi-in-the-movies-still-so-hard) to listen.

