---
layout: post
title: "Week 1"
---

**What did you do this past week?**
This was the first week of school and it was pretty informative, I got a chance to get a feel for my classes. I got homework assigned for three of my classes, so that's basically that's what I've been doing. I also went over my notes in preparation for the OOP quiz we had on Friday.

**What's in your way?**
The things that have gotten in my way this week has been settling back into the studious mood and also meetings for the organizations I'm involved with, but I was still able to manage my time and work everything into my schedule.

**What will you do next week?**
Next week I will go over the new posts on our class websites and organize my time for this week so I don't fall behind in any of my classes.

So far I think this class will be challenging, but rewarding. Glenn Downing really desires to prepare his students for their careers once they graduate which is something that means a lot to me as a senior graduating in May 2017. The class is a bit nerve racking since he does call on people to answer questions about the lines of code on the screen but in the end we are all here to learn, so it doesn't matter if you answer completely wrong, as long as you try and learn. 

**Tip of the week:**
For those of you who don't know, UT along with other universities offers courses online [here](https://www.edx.org/course/subject/computer-science). They offer a variety of different courses for free including CS stuff. My friend recently share a course with me that sounds very interesting where you build a bluetooth network, the course is self paced and begins in September 15, 2016. Click [here](https://www.edx.org/course/real-time-bluetooth-networks-shape-world-utaustinx-ut-rtbn-12-01x) for more information and/or if you desire to enroll. 
